# Self-Assessment 

The final group project consisted of Tana, Aaron, Mary and myself. Methods of communications used were google meet and slack. Majority of communication was utulized during class hours, 7pm-9pm EST Tuesday and Thursdays. Tana volunteered to be group lead for the project, where she did a wonderful job coordinating tasks involved for each individual. Once we decided upon a topic, our group (group 5), quickly decided on the tasks that needed to be done.        
My job was to take the data that was cleaned and provide an ERD for the data. We also worked together for portions such as cleaning the data using pandas. Group five worked together to answer the questions in the read me file, and prepare the presentation. Aaron did a great job working on the multiple regression analysis. Initially, we struggled with the results we found of R squared of 61.39, we did have a correlation with our results, although it was not a strong one. My suggestion to the new cohort would be balance out any weak spots your team members have and help them through it as they will do the same for you.  
 
 The topic our team choose was to see if what you eat has any correlation to happiness? We gathered our dataset from Kaggle, cleaned data from pandas, created an entity relationship diagram, uploaded the data in Postgres SQL to ensure key data was matching. We then preformed a multiple linear regression. We found 10 variables that did correlate with happiness. Those variables are: Alcoholic Beverages, Animal Fats, Animal Products, Cereal (Excluding Beer), Eggs, Meat, Milk (Excluding Butter), Vegetable Products, Vegetables and Obesity. One of the few things we would do differently is contribute more discussion on what kind of regression model needs to be conducted. An alternative model we could have used was a Logistical Regression Model, which could've helped improve accuracy of our results. 
